README.md, before:

# Particle Squared - Bare Bones

This is a forked version of [Jared Wolff's Particle Squared Hardware](https://bitbucket.org/circuitdojo/particle-squared-hardware). For more information on that board, [visit his website](https://www.jaredwolff.com/particle-squared-air-quality-sensor/). To support him and his work, you can  [order his sensors from here](https://www.jaredwolff.com/store/particle-squared/).

Particle^2 (pronounced Particle Squared) is a circuit board that helps you monitor the air quality around you. I call my fork of the project "Bare Bones" because I removed the air particulate sensor. It can still monitor humidity, temperature, eCO2 and TVOCs.

I also made some minor changes to the project to suit my goals.

This project was designed using Autodesk Eagle.

The [Eagle-Renders](/Eagle-Renders) directory contains PDF and PNG renders of the schematic and board layout.

## License

The license for these files is: [Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/). See included `LICENSE` file for all the legal stuff.

Commit message:

add link to Mouser BOM

README.md, after:

# Particle Squared - Bare Bones

This is a forked version of [Jared Wolff's Particle Squared Hardware](https://bitbucket.org/circuitdojo/particle-squared-hardware). For more information on that board, [visit his website](https://www.jaredwolff.com/particle-squared-air-quality-sensor/). To support him and his work, you can  [order his sensors from here](https://www.jaredwolff.com/store/particle-squared/).

Particle^2 (pronounced Particle Squared) is a circuit board that helps you monitor the air quality around you. I call my fork of the project "Bare Bones" because I removed the air particulate sensor. It can still monitor humidity, temperature, eCO2 and TVOCs.

I also made some minor changes to the project to suit my goals.

This project was designed using Autodesk Eagle.

The [Eagle-Renders](/Eagle-Renders) directory contains PDF and PNG renders of the schematic and board layout.

[Here is a shared project on Mouser for the BOM for one PCB.](https://www.mouser.com/ProjectManager/ProjectDetail.aspx?AccessID=5dd38de383)

## License

The license for these files is: [Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/). See included `LICENSE` file for all the legal stuff.
